I know in advance that today is not
going to be as productive as perhaps it
would now really would beat the snow
it's just so thick I'm gonna go outside
now let's go turn off the Christmas
lights we actually haven't had snow like
this for years
[Music]
if you're wondering what I'm doing here
I'm just shaving down a candlestick so
that it will fit into our candlestick
holder on the dining team
I cannot even tell you how happy this
makes me
oh it's just absolutely stunning and it
just keeps on falling really I just want
to enjoy how cozy today is I bet this is
going to be the least I've worked yeah
whoa it is still so heavy the snow is
just incredible I'm writing more
Christmas cards now and I'm thinking of
filming a video today because of the
snow
I might film a short film because it
would be really great to film one in the
snow because it's such a great setting I
might do like a Christmas kindness video
[Music]
so I've got all of my Christmas cards
for students at my school I haven't a
write much written my teachers cards yet
but I will be doing that probably
tomorrow night and it's taken me
probably about three or four hours in
total if not more it's pretty much the
main thing that I focused on today but
I'm really glad because I'm excited to
give these out and hopefully because I
spent time writing the messages it will
really be able to make somebody smile
and my cookie batter is just in the
fridge because it needs to chill for one
to two hours and my parents just have
got an email from the school and we do
have a snow day tomorrow which is really
upsetting this will be my probably my
last snow day ever
at school which is quite weird it's
nearly 10:00 and I am just going to end
the vlog here I'm really sorry that I've
been quite inconsistent and I really
didn't do very much work today it's
probably the least work I've done all
year and we've got a snow day tomorrow
as I said I am obviously going to be
working tomorrow because it's a normal
school day
so you're staging tomorrow for more of a
study based video but snow themed
Christmas themed thank you for watching
and have a productive week